okay all right ready
welcome to blade h qs channel today
we're gonna walk around and check out
people's EDC's let's go see what they're
carrying wait we go marci probably has a
good EDC she wants to show off what do
you have Darcy I do oh very nice very
nice have you seen mine I just I carry
this around this is my board friction
folder you know what I love doing with
this
I like chopping cats do you guys think
that was real there's so much editing to
do
sexy DPX hest kershaw EG
cork board or you got a hold it really
careful visit Falls there's no detail
thank you yeah nice go in the store
EDC check EDC check we got ofö fighter
for native
that's all I got for them mine's
actually bigger than all of you always
put together I can put it here put it
back here we didn't tuck it in my shoe
check this out this is awesome okay
let's see see what he's got this is a
CDC see it's a beauty
I love the Spyderco he's the open yeah
good night I love it it's been it's been
there for me Miranda has an EDC yeah all
right
nothing special like this no this can
stab through a bubble envelope see that
huh huh nice even the smallest knife can
be super functional you want to show off
here we're doing an EDC video that's it
for this time I hope that's it for this
time until next year they've got in
their pocket
oh I wasn't as good as I wanted I
doesn't just stay yeah
you've already seen it though soon I
actually patented this it's called the
express lock tell people to be quiet
because we're filming stuff Oh work
you're doing work as you can see the
employee who asked what an EDC was is no
longer with us